Fight!
[all] Fight on! Fight on!
Fight on! Fight on!
-[Mob] Psychic powers don't make…
-Oh.
-…a man appealing.
-[giggles]
[Mob] So, in order to change
this aspect of myself,
I joined the Body Improvement Club.
[Musashi] Body improvement!
-[all] Fight on! Fight on! Fight on!
-[pants]
Move it!
[pants] Fight on. Fight… [groans]
-[birds chirping]
-[Musashi] Hmm? This isn't good.
Guess he must be anemic.
Fi… Fight on… [exhales heavily]
[bell tolling]
MOB'S STAMINA
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
-[playful music playing]
-[Tome] There is something wrong with him.
I mean, who would choose the
Body Improvement Club over us?
Let it go. What's done is done.
Let's not dwell on it.
Come on. It's your turn, President Kurata.
-Hey, guys.
-[all] Oh! Hey, Musashi!
And, once again, thank you so much
for letting us use this room!
[Musashi] Really,
you don't have to grovel.
Most of our training's outside, anyway.
We just need this room
to store our equipment.
[Tome] Uh… What's with him?
[Musashi] Oh, Kageyama passed out.
Would you mind looking after him?
We're still exercising.
-[pants] Huh?
-[Tome] Now, seriously…
Why did you join the
Body Improvement Club?
Because I've never been
the most athletic guy, and,
and I'm a really slow runner.
I've always relied
on my psychic powers for everything.
Huh? What kind of lame excuse is that?
Besides, I don't even know if you really
do have psychic powers. Prove it.
[music concludes]
[all gasp]
So was that enough? Do you believe me now?
Whoa, it's heavy!
[Inukawa] Seriously?
He could only bend spoons before!
[Tome] Oh!
Kageyama! Please help me
make my dream come true!
Huh?
Believe it or not,
my dream is to make contact
and have initial interplanetary dialogue
with extraterrestrial life forms!
When first trying to achieve this goal,
I followed an instructional guidebook,
but it didn't work.
Before I knew it,
I was just lazing around.
But now that you're here
with your psychic abilities,
I've finally got a shot!
Mob, let's research
telepathy together, seek out new life,
and boldly go
where no man has gone before!
Can't. I've gotta go pump some iron.
What? You're kidding.
I'm burning with passion here.
Why're you so indifferent?
[Mob] Because I've finally
found something that I wanna do.
What, putting on some muscle?
You have psychic powers here.
So what difference does bulking up make?
Actually, it might be
more accurate to say…
I want to become more appealing.
So you mean you wanna be popular?
[gasps] No, not really
-[Tome] Well, you won't be.
-Huh?
[Tome] Even if you gain tons of muscle,
that'll never happen. Not a chance!
What? Then what should I do about it?
[Tome] Read girls' minds using telepathy.
You have the power! Do that,
and you'll be super popular.
[Reigen] What? Telepathy?
I can't really do anything like that.
Though I am able to hear
the voices of spirits.
What brought this on?
Oh, I was just wondering.
Is there someone's mind
you wanna read in particular?
[gasps]
Maybe a girl?
-[pants]
-[Reigen] Mob, Mob, Mob.
You are so easy to read.
Look. Every middle school boy
wants to be popular.
It's nothing to be embarrassed about.
It's just a fact of life.
Even yours truly has dreams of popularity.
[crows cawing]
[Mob] It's not like I have
to be popular or anything…
I just want Tsubomi to like me.
[LOL member] Young man,
may I ask you a question?
Is something troubling you?
You aren't laughing or smiling.
[traditional music playing]
-No--
-[LOL member] I can sense these things.
You're worried about your studies, right?
My grades are just fine.
[LOL member] Of course they are.
It's not your studies…
But it must be hard
dealing with family issues.
-[Mob] Actually, I don't have any.
-[LOL member] What I meant to say was…
It must be your health.
No…
-[LOL member] It's about love.
-That's amazing! How did you know?
[LOL member] If you want to resolve
these troubles, come with me.
[Mob] I can't. I have to head home.
-[LOL member] You'll be popular.
-'Kay, let's go, then.
AN INVITE TO A MEETING
~SIMPLY PUT, I JUST WANT TO BE POPULAR~
[playful music playing]
[LOL member] It so happens that I belong
to a brand-new religious order
that came into existence last month.
-[Mob] Religious order?
-[LOL member] Yes. It's called LOL.
Founded by our leader, Master Dimple,
it's the happiest, trendiest,
most satisfying gathering of the century!
The master has the amazing
and mysterious ability
to make anyone laugh immediately.
That's cool. So, how do I become popular?
[LOL member chuckles]
Now, now, don't be so hasty.
[elevator dings]
[LOL member] LOL is in no way
a suspicious group,
so make yourself at home.
[indistinct chatter]
[Mob] Wow, there are a lot of people here.
-[mysterious music playing]
-I wonder if they
all wanna be popular, too.
[LOL member 1] Oh, are you new, young man?
Huh?
[LOL member 2]
Then you need to get up on stage.
-Why would I do that?
-[LOL member 3] Come on, now.
-[LOL member 4] Hurry, hurry!
-[all] Heave ho, heave ho!
-[Mob] I have no idea what's going on.
-[Mezato] Mob? Is that you?
Do you recognize me?
I'm Mezato, from your homeroom class.
[Mob] Whoa,
I've never talked to her before.
[Mezato] Did they lure you in?
-Well, actually--
-[LOL member] He's here!
-It's Master Dimple!
-[indistinct chatter]
[all exclaiming, chattering]
[all cheer]
[Dimple] Let me ask you…
Are you laughing?
[all laugh]
[Dimple] Are you warmed up now?
Why don't we take off these masks, then?
-Sparkle!
-[dramatic music playing]
[all laugh, exclaim]
[Dimple] You're all smiling so brightly.
[laughs]
[all laugh]
Man, what a creepy bunch this is.
And stop!
[dramatic music playing]
Today, we have three new smile-mates
joining our congregation.
Give them a hand!
-What? Smile-mates?
-Hey, what's the big idea?
In order to openly accept
the gift of happiness,
you must lower your walls
and set your hearts free.
They're locked up, you see.
-Imprisoned in your own body.
-Hmm.
[Dimple] Get it? It's completely obvious
why you're unhappy. You aren't laughing!
[all gasping]
[Dimple]
The key to your freedom is laughter!
Do so, even in pain,
and your hearts will be unlocked!
And once they have been set free,
your hearts will have the ability
to accept happiness as it comes your way.
Like our brethren here already know,
to have a happy life,
you must have a hearty laugh!
That is the teaching of LOL.
Huh. You really think people
can be happy just by laughing? Get real.
[Dimple] Who might this be?
We found him sleeping
on a park bench under some newspapers.
[Dimple] How sad.
A victim of the recession!
You poor soul.
-No wonder you lost your smile.
-[groans]
[Dimple] But worry not!
Let's put on this smile mask and fix that.
-Hey, what are you?
-Wait a minute!
This is the road to salvation.
I assure you, we want nothing
more than to make you smile.
-[gasps]
-[Mob] Huh?
[Dimple] No resistance.
And that brings us to the girl.
It appears you have something to say.
[gasps, groans]
This religious order, LOL…
It was established last month?
How did you manage
to attract this many followers
in such a short time? I don't believe it!
[Dimple] Oh? And you are…?
I'm Mezato, Year Two, Class One!
Salt Middle School's ace reporter!
I'm here to investigate the bad rumor
concerning this organization.
-[camera clicking]
-Bad rumor, you say?
That you're using hypnosis
to brainwash people,
then forcing them to join your cult.
[Dimple] What nerve, saying that
after sneaking in by herself. Splendid.
Let me provide you with proof, then.
Please take a look
at that gentleman from earlier.
As you recall, moments ago,
he was a very sad man.
-Sparkle!
-[laughs]
-Now, look at that smile!
[Mezato] He's laughing. Why?
He has finally let go
and is truly grasping happiness.
-So, what do you think now, young lady?
-[LOL member 1 laughing loudly]
[Mezato] He didn't really
do anything bad, I'll give him that.
[laughs loudly]
[LOL member 2]
I'm sure you'll find a job now!
[tense music playing]
[Mezato] But something still
stinks about all this.
There's a strange feeling in the air here.
[Mezato] I guess the rumors
I heard weren't true!
My mistake!
-So, if you'll excuse me, I'll just be--
-That won't do.
You infiltrated LOL,
doubting our smiles for no reason,
insulting our beliefs
and our congregation.
I… I know, and I'm terribly sorry.
I won't write about you
in the school paper.
That is not enough!
For it will not ease our hard feelings!
We won't let you leave until you laugh.
I… I don't really feel
like laughing now.
A… and if I forced myself
to right here on the spot,
it wouldn't be sincere at all!
Start smiling. I insist you do!
No way! I don't wanna lie
to myself like that.
H… hey! [whimpers]
What is this?
[hesitates] Huh? I'm…
No! Don't! No! [screams]
Sparkle!
Look at that magnificent smile!
I just love it!
-[indistinct chatter]
-[LOL member] You've changed.
No, please… No… I can't!
What is this feeling that's come over me?
We're all smiling,
and it feels really nice. [chuckles]
But no! I don't actually want to smile!
I can't control it! Somebody save me!
-[Mob] Um, excuse me.
-[whimpers]
[Mezato] Mob!
[Mob] So the theme here
is smiling and happiness?
It doesn't have anything
to do with being popular?
May I leave now, then?
Who is that?
I found him looking troubled
on his way home from school,
so I brought him here.
He's having some problems
with his love life.
Well, maybe… but this isn't gonna help.
-[Dimple] He's not smiling!
-[tense music playing]
Does that mean the
smile mask didn't work on him?
-[LOL member] Huh? He's not smiling?
-[Mob] Later.
W… wait a minute!
Wanna spend the rest
of your life with that frown?
You are missing out!
-[tense music continues]
-[Mob] Hmm.
My dad once told me that
people who've never smoked before
are missing out on half of their lives.
It made me realize people define
missing out differently.
[Dimple gasps] That's not
what I'm talking about.
LOL is the starting line for me to become
the religious leader of all humanity!
I can't let this stupid kid
mess this up for me!
You misunderstand.
I simply want you to know
just how wonderful
it is to smile, that's all.
It's okay, don't worry about it.
[Dimple] Th… then would you like
to play a game before you leave?
A staring contest competing
with three of my smile leaders.
You'll all drink some milk,
and the first to laugh
and spit it up loses.
-What do ya say?
-[Mezato] Mob, no! It's a trap!
Huh?
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[musical beeping and chiming]
-Are you two ready?
-[indistinct laughs]
If ya laugh, ya lose.
[Mezato] Why did
you accept the challenge?!
[narrator] It just so happens,
Mob loves milk.
Ready… go!
[tense music playing]
[babbles]
[Dimple] What? Why?!
Go!
[Dimple] Impossible…
[sighs] Those two are pathetic.
With my smiling powers,
I'll throw him into a smiley
maelstrom the likes of which--
[Dimple] Ah, I see!
Forcing my congregation
to laugh all the time backfired!
I won, so I'm gonna head home.
-[Dimple] Wait!
-Huh?
You'll have to face me, now!
-[all gasp]
-[LOL member 1] What?
[LOL member 2] The Master Dimple
is gonna face him?
[Dimple] I will not let you win,
you little troublemaker.
I will make you spit out that milk!
Ready, go!
[grunts]
[Dimple] Of course, this time
the milk has a little extra kick to it.
Ha, ha! He laughed!
[LOL member 1] He laughed!
[LOL member 2] We expect nothing less
from Master Dimple!
[Mezato] Even I'm starting
to have fun right now.
[Mob pants]
No, you're wrong.
That wasn't laughter.
What the-- Where's my smile?
[LOL member] Wait a minute.
Why am I here again?
[grunts]
[LOL member] Oh, yeah!
Because it's so much fun! [laughs]
Wait. Did you?
[Dimple] No…
He couldn't possibly have
undone my hypnosis.
But why can't I make him laugh?
I have no choice. I'll have to go all out.
My brethren! Please!
We must all work together
to save the laughter trapped within him!
He can't stay this way!
-[LOL member 1] How wonderful!
-[LOL member 2] Master Dimple!
-[gasps]
-[LOL member 3] Let us laugh together!
Hey! Wait a minute!
What are you doing?
You see?
You don't have a single enemy here,
so why are you fighting?
We only want
to save you from yourself.
[grunts]
Come on already, get a clue.
-[Mob gasps]
-[boy 1] Hey, Mob.
Why do you always look
so bored all the time?
Huh?
[boy 1] If you are, then just go home.
I… I'm not bored. I promise!
[boy 2] Hey, guys!
[boys laugh]
-You're the only one who's not laughing!
-[sighs]
[Tsubomi] Come on, Mob.
-[Mob] Tsubomi…
-Get a clue already.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
You leave me little choice.
I'm forced to show you my true power.
Now, start laughing!
-[LOL member] There it is!
-[all laugh loudly]
[LOL member] Master Dimple's divine power!
[Dimple gasps] What?
-[crowd laughs]
-[Dimple] Why?
Why aren't you laughing?
Are you trying to tell me
that my powers don't work on you?
Laugh! Come on, you little brat!
Laugh it up already!
[Mob] I see. He has psychic powers, too.
What the hell? Are you a corpse?
Your powers can't make me laugh.
It's not like I'm fighting it.
I just can't, okay?
Even if I really wanted to.
But I don't mean anything
bad by it at all.
[Dimple] I see. So that's it.
[scoffs] You must not have
any emotions, brat.
They mentioned that you were
having troubles with love.
With a personality such as yours,
you won't be able to laugh
with the girl you like.
When feelings are shared, typically,
they're physicalized in some way.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[Dimple] But you're not able
to do that, are you?
You'll never laugh together, cry together,
or be moved emotionally in any way.
You'll be alone forever.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
This is it, boy.
I'll give you one last chance!
-Now, laugh!
-[crowd laughs]
Ha, ha!
[Mob] Why don't you make me laugh
with your psychic powers.
[grunts]
Ah… I see now.
So you have similar abilities…
I specifically chose to start up
a peaceful religious order so the least
amount of blood would be shed.
But you're in my way, brat.
I have to get rid of the outsider
who brought in all this chaos!
Thank goodness. You're not even a person.
I'm glad that the one who said something
as horrible as "get a clue"
was an evil spirit.
[Dimple] My followers!
Do not let him leave this place alive!
[Mob] A strong commanding signal.
[Tsubomi] Come on, Mob.
Get a clue already.
[narrator] He is an esper,
blessed with psychic abilities.
A grade schooler called
"Mob" by those around him.
Even though these tremendous powers
have been bestowed upon him,
subconsciously he's always avoided
displaying these abilities.
[somber music playing]
As he grew older and became more aware,
he came to realize just
how dangerous his powers were.
When people are unable to act
or to do as they please,
or to truly express themselves,
their emotions come to a halt.
While attempting to spare
the world around him,
Mob's aversion to using his powers
has become a complex.
The emotions locked away
deep inside his heart
expand little by little, moment by moment.
However, there's a limit
to how much his emotions
can take before
leaking out and going wild.
And now, an emotion is swirling around
inside him like a torrential hurricane,
going past the limit.
[beeping]
[narrator] That emotion is rage.
[Dimple] To think you were
such a powerful esper.
No wonder the smile
mask didn't work.
Didn't work?
So the mask itself had a trick, too…
I didn't even notice the hex
because it was so weak.
Meh, whatever.
If the policy of your religion
is to kill outsiders,
come at me with everything you've got.
You might find that task
a hell of a lot easier
than making me laugh.
[Dimple] "Come at me
with everything you've got"?
[cackles]
I'm only going to need about two seconds
to make you disappear, brat!
EVIL SPIRIT: HIGH-LEVEL DIMPLE
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dimple] Emotionless livestock!
Don't act like you're actually angry!
[Dimple grunts]
You should try to cry!
[laughs] Flashy.
[yelps]
What the hell?!
[growls]
I'll be damned, kid.
Never thought I'd have to fight anyone
with the fullest extent of my power.
You may be the real thing,
brat, but it's time to die!
What? No way!
[Dimple grunts, yelps]
[groans]
[Dimple] Y… you're--
[Mob] I only allowed them
to come out upon your request.
This is what happens when I let them show.
These are my emotions. Satisfied?
[gasps] You some kind of monster?
Enough! Wraither Beam!
[Dimple] Yes! A direct hit!
The number of fights I've endured
is what will decide the
victor and the loser here!
[Mob] I'm… terrible.
[Dimple grunts, groans]
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
So, you wanna be able to get a clue, huh?
Well, social skills like that are beyond
your level of comprehension.
Only ones capable of them have
common sense and experience.
And, after all, your whole
existence makes no sense, so…
-[sighs]
-[Reigen] Hey, come on.
Why are you bummed out
about this now?
Because I'm always such a downer.
This time, I ruined a whole
bunch of people's fun.
[scoffs] Who says their fun
has to be the same as your fun?
Look. You're the protagonist
of your own life.
Huh?
I hear what you're saying.
But still, that whole group
is gone now because of me.
And all they were doing was laughing.
[Reigen] Well, your inability
to get a clue is pretty destructive.
GET A CLUE
[Reigen] Come on, what happened?
You can tell me all about it.
[gentle music playing]
[LOL member 1] Huh?
What were we just doing?
[LOL member 2] Master Dimple's passed out.
[LOL member 3]
Did he always look like that?
[LOL member 4] I seem to remember him
trying to make some boy smile,
but it just wasn't gonna happen.
-[LOL member 5] Yeah. Who was that kid?
-[LOL member 6] Let's look for him.
He might be the
true messenger of God!
[slurps] Ah, I see…
Some kind of typical mind
control scheme, huh?
That's not salvation.
He just wanted all
of them to depend on him.
It's a popular con based
on crowd psychology,
usually aimed at the weak-willed.
But with powers
like yours, it didn't work.
Oh.
[Reigen] Which means you accomplished
something pretty special!
Today, you were able to save
a group of people that only
you could have saved.
So, you should be proud of yourself.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[Mrs. Kageyama] Shige, wake up!
You're gonna be late.
[Mob groans]
[yawns]
[Dimple] Good morning.
Lovely day, isn't it, partner?
-[Mob] Huh?
-[beeping]
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[Reigen] Mob gets dragged
into an idiotic event
run by idiots, for idiots.
The one who appears before him
is a violent yet handsome guy.
What are you gonna do, Mob?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100,
episode four, "Idiots Only Event ~Kin~."
You're gonna buy the DVD?
That's an excellent decision!